docs: Add "Template Imports" page (#647)
typed-ember/glint: docs/ember/template-only-components.md

Note that the runtime content of this module (effectively `export default templateOnlyComponent();`) is exactly what Ember generates at build time when creating a backing module for a template-only component.

{% hint style="info" %}

> Using `ember-template-imports`? See [Ember: Template Imports][etitoc] on how to create a backing module for a template-import template-only component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `ember-template-imports`? See [Ember: Template Imports][etitoc] on how to declare types for a `<template>`-only component.
```
